                           BURN AFTER READING LICENSE
                             Version 1, August 2012

"I" and "me" means Tianjiao Yin <ytj000@gmail.com>

"You" means the licensee of the software, or the organization you worked for.

"Software" means any computer files of this product, including but not limited to source
code, scripts, executable binaries and documentations.

The terms "reproduce," "reproduction," and "distribution" have the same meaning
here as under U.S. copyright law.

This license governs use of the accompanying software. If you use the software,
you accept this license. If you do not accept the license, do not use the
software.

You may do what the fuck you want to. 

In return for the license rights above, you must agree to these obligations:

0. You will delete the entire software after reading.

1. You will not remove any copyright or other notices from the software, nor
reverse engineer or decompile binary portions of the software, unless your laws
give you the right to do so despite this restriction.

2. You will not copy and distribute verbatim or modified copies of this software.

3. You will not modified the software or created derivative works.

4. I welcome your comments and suggestions on the software, which you
provide on a strictly voluntary basis. If you give me comments and suggestions
regarding bug fixes, enhancements or other modifications to the software,
you agree that I may, in connection with any products and services use,
disclose or otherwise commercialize your comments and suggestions entirely
without any obligation or restriction based on intellectual property rights or
otherwise. You will not give any comments or suggestions that you have reason
to believe are subject to any patent, copyright, or other intellectual property
claim or right of any third party.

5. THE SOFTWARE COMES "AS IS", WITH NO WARRANTIES. THIS MEANS NO EXPRESS,
IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTY, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR ANY WARRANTY OF TITLE OR
NON-INFRINGEMENT. YOU MUST PASS THIS DISCLAIMER ON WHENEVER YOU DISTRIBUTE THE
SOFTWARE OR DERIVATIVE WORKS.

6. I WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES RELATED TO THE SOFTWARE OR THIS
LICENSE, INCLUDING DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL
DAMAGES, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT THE LAW PERMITS, NO MATTER WHAT LEGAL THEORY IT
IS BASED ON. YOU MUST PASS THIS LIMITATION OF LIABILITY ON WHENEVER YOU
DISTRIBUTE THE SOFTWARE OR DERIVATIVE WORKS.

7. If you sue anyone over patents that you think may apply to the software or
anyone's use of the software, your license to the software ends immediately.

8. You will not use the software to aid the development of any software
programs.

9. Your rights under the license end immediately if you breach it in any way.

A. I reserves all rights not expressly granted to you in this license.
